now the word of
now the word of Lord came to Jonah the second time arise
Lord came to Jonah the second time arise
Lord came to Jonah the second time arise go to Nineveh that great city and preach
go to Nineveh that great city and preach
go to Nineveh that great city and preach to it the message that I tell you so
to it the message that I tell you so
to it the message that I tell you so Jonah arose and went to Nineveh
Jonah arose and went to Nineveh
Jonah arose and went to Nineveh according to the word of the Lord
now Nineveh was an exceedingly great
now Nineveh was an exceedingly great city a three-day journey in extent and
city a three-day journey in extent and
city a three-day journey in extent and Jonah began to enter the city on the
Jonah began to enter the city on the
Jonah began to enter the city on the first day's walk then he cried out yet
first day's walk then he cried out yet
first day's walk then he cried out yet forty days and Nineveh shall be
forty days and Nineveh shall be
forty days and Nineveh shall be overthrown so the people of Nineveh
overthrown so the people of Nineveh
overthrown so the people of Nineveh believed God proclaimed a fast and put
believed God proclaimed a fast and put
believed God proclaimed a fast and put on Sat loss from the greatest to the
on Sat loss from the greatest to the
on Sat loss from the greatest to the least of them
then Lord came to the king of Nineveh
then Lord came to the king of Nineveh and he arose from his throne and laid
and he arose from his throne and laid
and he arose from his throne and laid aside his robe covered himself with sack
aside his robe covered himself with sack
aside his robe covered himself with sack and sat in ashes and he caused it to be
and sat in ashes and he caused it to be
and sat in ashes and he caused it to be proclaimed and published throughout
proclaimed and published throughout
proclaimed and published throughout Nineveh by the decree of the king and
Nineveh by the decree of the king and
Nineveh by the decree of the king and his nobles but neither man nor beast
his nobles but neither man nor beast
his nobles but neither man nor beast heard nor flock taste anything do not
heard nor flock taste anything do not
heard nor flock taste anything do not let them eat or drink water but let man
let them eat or drink water but let man
let them eat or drink water but let man and beast be covered with sackcloth and
and beast be covered with sackcloth and
and beast be covered with sackcloth and cry mightily to God
cry mightily to God
cry mightily to God yes let everyone turn from his evil way
yes let everyone turn from his evil way
yes let everyone turn from his evil way and from the violence that is in his
and from the violence that is in his
and from the violence that is in his hands who can tell if God will turn and
hands who can tell if God will turn and
hands who can tell if God will turn and relent and turn away from his fierce
relent and turn away from his fierce
relent and turn away from his fierce anger so that we may not perish then God
anger so that we may not perish then God
anger so that we may not perish then God saw their works that they turn from
saw their works that they turn from
saw their works that they turn from their evil way
their evil way
their evil way and God relented from the disaster that
and God relented from the disaster that
and God relented from the disaster that he had said he would bring upon them and
he had said he would bring upon them and
he had said he would bring upon them and he did not do it